add RN for MTM-51764 (#1848)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-285-0-add-possibility-to-move-operation-status-from-failed-when-failurereason-was-set.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add possibility to move operation status from FAILED when "failureReason"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Status can be changed from FAILED for operations with "failureReason"
```

>   was set.

Author: ```suggestion

```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-51764
version: 10.20.285.0
---

> Previously, an operation with a "failureReason" fragment could not be moved from the FAILED status, since the  "failureReason" fragment was not allowed for other statuses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, an operation with a "failureReason" fragment could not be moved from the FAILED status, since the "failureReason" fragment was not allowed for other statuses. 
```

> Previously, when operation was moved to FAILED status with "failureReason", it was not possible to move to any other status because "failureReason" can't exist for other statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, an operation with a "failureReason" fragment could not be moved from the FAILED status, since the  "failureReason" fragment was not allowed for other statuses. 
```

> Now "failureReason" is automatically removed when moving operation from FAILED status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now "failureReason" is automatically removed when moving an operation from the FAILED status.
```
